The Joe Rogan experience.
This is the greatest time in human history where there's
absolutely zero thinking when I say zero thinking and,
or you're put in fear of thinking, I'll give you a loo example. Okay.
I had, I came in,
I had to have a COVID test for our walked in here. Right.
So let's talk to your nurse. And, and, um, I said I had it,
I hadn't December. And I didn't tell anyone, cause I didn't,
I'm put on social media and I put everywhere because I didn't want people like,
oh, we gotta cancel shows and other blah, blah, blah.
It is the hysteria that caused that was it.
It was like a very mild sinus infection. Basically. It's what Jamie had.
Basically it started, it started in my nose.
All right. And then it had a little, like I had one of those, but I immediately,
from the past, anytime I get sick, I'm traveling.
So I know I've had, I've been sick on the road.
I immediately put a nose spray, constant cleaning. And I have a, um,
inhaler like a steroid to get my lungs gone.
So I started that the next day body
felt like I was getting something and which I've had in the past.
If I don't get the chills, my skin gets really sensitive.
And then after that, a low tired,
but I ha I can breathe.
But clearly I had a sinus infection.
That's the best way to describe it. Now here's the thing.
Now I gave it to my wife and my youngest daughter and the other two,
but my older two daughters were like, we're out of here. We're getting tested.
They both negative shoes.
They left the house at a hair and it got bubbles around the head and wearing
their space outfits. So they're gone.
My youngest one comes home from school and she has to take a test and they say
you're positive. And she was, she clearly got sick. My wife's sick. I'm sick.
Now none of us,
I have an infectious disease doctor in New Jersey.
His specialty is infectious disease. As a doc,
my daughter is positive. I clearly gave it to her. He goes,
you need to get tested before I see you. I said, okay, well it's a two,
three day wait in the meantime, do you have every, anything goes,
take vitamin C, vitamin D. And sink goes,
do you have a high fever? I want know,
because you have trial a trouble breathing. I went, no, he goes,
then don't worry about it.
So part of me started getting infuriated.
So you telling me the world is shutting down and you're telling me to take
vitamin C vitamin D and zinc. He goes,
I need you to get the test. Okay,
I'll get the test. Now I'm a little aggravated.
I just want something to get rid of this. Right? Okay. That's all I want. Right?
So now it's going on the second week. And it's this things that knowing,
because I'm taking 2000 DS and 3000
CS and zinc and a, and whatever he's telling me do,
my daughter is getting better.
My wife still can't D can't smell or taste.
Um, and she's got stage four cancer. So she's like super high.
She's doing great and all that and have to be, but still great show on trial,
crushing it. So Fay, anything,
she's the most danger because of her immune system,
week two, I get a test,
the same test I just took here,
which is a very reliable test. And I told my doctor,
Hey man, it's a Fisher test deposit, which tested you take as I took the rapid,
because that I can't, I don't accept that one.
You don't accept that infectious disease doctor.
And you don't accept that test. What did he want?
The PCR test he wanted? Yeah, whatever. It's got to go to lab.
Now we're going on day 12.
And you still take telling me to take vitamins and stuff.
So finally I said, I'm not,
I'm not doing that test because then I got to go in the state and the system
and, and they called looking for my daughter. Can we speak to your daughter? No,
you may not. Well, is she doing the appropriate things?
I have it as her father. Well, what is she doing?
Go yourself. That's what she's stolen.
You don't call my house government. You just overstepped your boundaries.
You're just here to protect me,
not to come knocking on my door to ask me what I'm doing and how I'm treating my
16 year old.
It's a very frightening place to be now with that said,
I then ask, Hey man, what can we do? He goes,
I need that other test. And I want, I'm not getting the other tests.
So I called a friend said,
I'll get you something by tomorrow.
I got stuffed by the next day. And in two days, that stuff was clear.
So I started asking her why don't people.
And, and I just left the town of Chester, New Jersey. And it was a, um,
there's a couple there's about 15 of us,
a group that formed this community during the whole COVID.
And this one woman just got it and she's got hospitalized.
No, what? Whoa, what happened? And she said,
I waited 12 days. And then it had a problem. I started freaking out,
breathing,
went to the hospital that gave me steroids and antibiotics and he cleared right
up. So my question is,
why do you have to test positive to wait,
to get antibiotics or steroids?
If neither one of them hurt you or kill you
while you're still waiting to see what this does.
And she didn't have an answer. And she's like, that's a great question.
I go to simple. It's just a question.
So if I'm a doctor and Joe Rogan comes to me and says, Hey man,
my daughter's positive. I've sinus. I am no. Well,
I can give you this cause I know it's not going to kill you.
And I know I'm gonna give you antibiotics. And hopefully two,
three days it will clear up, but it's not going to. And if it gets worse,
then we'll take care of it then,
because clearly this is not going to make you worse. Right.
So why isn't that being done? And then my other question was,
if that doctor an infectious disease doctor
doesn't allow that test, how many people take that test?
And it counts as a number, but yet it doesn't count.
So what is really going on is my question.
There's a lot of confusion, a massive amount of people.
There's a disease that kills some folks.
And there's a disease that we in the beginning stages of
this pandemic thought was going to be far more severe than it turned out to be.
And they never adjusted. That's the problem. The problem is it's still not good.
You know, you don't want to catch COVID,
but the vast majority of people who get it will be fine.
78% of the people that are hospitalized are beasts.
The very obese people have a real hard time with it.
There's 6% of the people who died from COVID only had
COVID the other nine.
That number 6%.
One more, 6% of the people who died from COVID only had COVID the other
94% had an average of 2.6
comorbidities.
So almost three more than two and a half comorbidities speeding like
obesity. You know,
there's a bunch of different things that people have. Diabetes is a big one. Um,
you know, uh, Alzheimer's, there's a lot of,
there's a lot of co-morbidities that are, that are very dangerous. If you get.
I'll tell you another one. So another one of our friends,
his name is Rob he's had, he's a mess brown gout three times a year.
He's a mess. He's totally heavy, dude. Blah, blah, blah. Yeah, July.
He says, don't come near me. I have a sinus infection and we all went,
whoa, Rob's off limits. You know?
Woo Rob's diet. We're laughing. Rod died. He's got, he's done. We say,
you should really go check that out. Rob. We know here from Rob,
next time, next thing,
me and me and my wife went to Maine where I went on a mountain. We were on a,
we were on a lake, was one of, I felt like I was in. If I die,
that is where heaven's going to be. As that trip, my wife, a comeback
geo is going on, Rob he's in a hospital. What? He's done that he's on the, uh,
the ventilator, the ventilator one. What not? He was a crazy Trump guy.
He was like, oh, drop job, full blown. I would go there and like, oh my God,
these guys are talking politics.
I please get off every morning.
[inaudible] nonstop. Like, oh God, I just want to have a muffin and relaxed.
So with that, and I did, I got caught up to, I,
I would be a liar if I said I wasn't caught up in some stuff for a while.
I was on the internet, like dude, to JFK's coming back.
I was home with court mix on such a wall. I was, I,
I was Han. Right. But this guy was like,
if I ever get I'm kicking hydro core Quinn, all right, that was that's.
So now, and this is all still calling by the way,
he gets admitted to the hospital. And then here comes my next question.
And there is an ending to this story. Um, he gets admitted.
They say, he's got brain damage from COVID is brain damage.
Well, this is the information we're getting like, wow. I've never heard.
What do you mean brain dad? Yeah. He's he's not gonna,
he's not gonna be able to walk what he's he has brain damage and it turned out
he had strokes. The COVID caused strokes.
Then it turned out. No,
he asked for a specific drug. They said,
we can't give it to you in the state of Jersey.
And we're going to have to do testing before it could do stuff.
Next thing you know, the guy's on high blood pressure pills and all that.
They didn't give him his meds. He stroked out,
cut to he's brain dead. His wife,
can't his wife and 11 year old,
13 year old half have to say goodbye to him before they pull the plug.
They're not allowed to be with him. They have to FaceTime.
So here's a question for you. Now. This is going somewhere, bro. Right?
Thank God. One of our crew said,
please send this person there. Just took one.
Last one last look, the specialist shows up, said,
he's not brain dead. He's dehydrated.
Who's been taking care of this patient. And who said he was COVID.
I won everything gets everything said,
I need the wife and children in here.
Oh well it's against DARPA. Which again, what's keeping you safe.
What's keeping you safe. Bring his family in here.
His family to him,
his heart rate starts going up in a week.
He opens his eyes and communicates for the first time.
It's six weeks later. He now stands up for the first time.
It was a lo it was October.
He finally got out and he's still taking physical rehab.
I got pictures of him, videos of him and all that jazz, but he's recovering.
So the point of my story is two things.
They were ready to let them die. They were.
Willing. They already said he's dead and you can't visit him. Jesus Christ.
So what, where on a hospital is this? It's in.
New Jersey. That's crazy. So I'll te so, but my question is this.
When it comes to not being able to see elderly in elderly homes,
so you've got a quarantine and all that. What keeps the workers safe?
What keeps the quote heroes safe?
And what, why can't you allow someone with a human touch?
Because when you're, when you're at your weakest moment in time,
you need a human, you need pure love.
You need that child. You need your mother to come visit you.
They're the ones,
even if you're in your house and the fact that they are stopping,
that is pure evil in my mind,
I know it has nothing to do with safety. And if it is safety,
then stupidity. And if at the end of the day, it's evil,
there is no protocol. Stupid.
I understand what you're saying. I think there, I think in the general sense,
they're trying to protect people from getting infected.
But works. They're infected nothing.
Well then what can the tightest masks that you can, but there's other.
Things you can give it to the child and the mom and dad.
Exactly. No I'm with you. I'm with you a hundred percent.
Your kid was dying, Joe. Yeah. You're gonna allow them to keep you from.
No, no. I'm going to do my best. Right? You're gonna smell.
That door down, bro. I'll tell you that right now.
You're going to have to arrest me. Yeah. You're going to have to rest me. So.
I feel the same way. I know what you're saying.
You got to question everything.
But you write about the touch about love and about having hope.
And having someone come visit you, despair is terrible for the immune system.
All that stuff is to do you know what a no CBO is? You know what that means? No,
it's the opposite of placebo.
A placebo effect is they give you a sugar pill and it makes you think that
you're doing well. And you're like, oh,
and then all of a sudden your symptoms improve.
And you actually get better because your body is on a positive
trip, right? Your body's like, oh, Jim got the medicine. Oh,
we're healing up. And it literally has a, uh,
an actual physical measurable effect. And it's called the placebo effect. Well,
there's also something that they believe is more powerful than the placebo
effect. And that's the no CBO effect.
The no CBO effect is telling someone that they have a disease telling
someone that there's an incurable disease or that they're sick.
And then they panic. And here's a perfect example. In 2007,
there was a guy that was a part of a trial that they were doing a double blind
placebo controlled trial on antidepressants.
So they're trying to find the efficacy of antidepressants and they give this
guy, um, these pills and he shows up at the hospital,
he's got an empty bottle of pills. And he goes, help me, help me.
I took all the pills. I took all the pills and this guy collapses, right?
They bring them into the emergency room.
His blood pressure is dangerously low.
His heart rate is jacked up. He's pale, he's sick. They're like, oh no.
And so they, they find the guys, uh, he, the guy has a pill bottle.
They brought him with him. They find the guy's physician.
That's a part of the clinical trial.
They bring the physician in the physician tells him, you got the placebo.
There's no medication here. This is, these are pills. There's nothing in them.
All of a sudden the guy gets better like that. His,
his heart rate balances, his blood pressure balances.
15 minutes later, he's fine.
The power of your mind. He.
Was convinced that he was.
If you have someone in a hospital bed and you're telling them they're going to
die,
and you're not going to see your family and the amount of stress and the pain,
your symptoms will crash. Everything will get more up.
Your body will go into a total state of shock.
There's been people that have died because they were incorrectly
diagnosed with cancer. And they went into this,
this shock where they can't believe that they they're not going to.
And then their, their immune system crashes, their body crashes.
And then they've done autopsies. And they found out that it was benign.
And this is what drives me nuts, where nobody questioned you just go, oh,
that's what those signs. That's what they said. So that's what we're doing.
That's what.
You know, like, we'll think that voodoo is. But voodoo is,
as you tell someone, if you're a charismatic person,
you have white paint on your face and feathers and skulls on sticks.
And you tell them.
Put a curse on you.
And you believe that, you will be in a full terror, be in a full terror.
And then your life will fall apart.
My hand to God, when I start my show, I say,
and I've been saying,
this is the greatest voodoo trick I've seen in humanity in my entire
life, because that's what it is.
It's the greatest voodoo trick in history. I it's,
mind-boggling. Now I'm able to, I'm able to sit and watch it and,
and Dodge from it. But at the same time,
I I'm I'm baffled how many people
just don't question anything.
It's mind boggling.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.